README.md, before:

# BC_Homework2
BC_Homework2
# Requirements:
For this assignment I was tasked with making a mobile responsive portfolio for myself utilizing both CSS and Bootstrap.  
# Technologies Used:
### CSS
### Bootstrap
### Javascript
### HTML

# Description:
Making a Portfolio page for myself that is useful for people interested in employing me.   I created three separate pages, with an about me page, a portfolio page, and a contact page.  All three were styled the same and had links via the Navigation Bar to reach the other pages.   Links to all of my social sites - LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, and Github - were included on each page.

# Visuals:
![port](./assets/port1.png) 
![mobile view](assets/Iphone.png)
![Mobile GIPHY](assets/mobile.gif)



# Usage 
This website is for prospective employers.  My hope is to showcase my talents to those who are interested in hiring me.

# Roadmap
Leaving room to add more to the Profile section of the pages.   Also will link my resume.

# Try It!
The Webpage:
https://ckhilpisch.github.io/BC_Homework2/

Commit message:

fixing contact page, removing resume page, link to email, phone, and resume

README.md, after:

# BC_Homework2
## Portfolio Page
# Requirements:
For this assignment I was tasked with making a mobile responsive portfolio for myself utilizing both CSS and Bootstrap.  
# Technologies Used:
### CSS
### Bootstrap
### Javascript
### HTML

# Description:
Making a Portfolio page for myself that is useful for people interested in employing me.   I created three separate pages, with an about me page, a portfolio page, and a contact page.  All three were styled the same and had links via the Navigation Bar to reach the other pages.   Links to all of my social sites - LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, and Github - were included on each page in a sticky footer.   THe pages are mobile responsive, with mobile-first the priority.

# Visuals:
![port](./assets/port1.png) 
![mobile view](assets/Iphone.png)
![Mobile GIPHY](assets/mobile.gif)



# Usage 
This website is for prospective employers.  My hope is to showcase my talents to those who are interested in hiring me.

# Roadmap
Leaving room to add more to the Profile section of the pages.  

# Try It!
The Webpage:
https://ckhilpisch.github.io/BC_Homework2/
